Previously, on
"MacGyver"...
Whatever time I have left,
I want to spend it with you.
I promised Mac I'd pick
up his dad after chemo today.
You're not picking up
Oversight in your car, are you?
No. Mac Daddy said
I could drive his new whip.
What the...?
Bye, Jim.
You got to get me
out of here.
I don't know
how much longer I can stay still.
- Is this gonna work?
- It has to.
Three, two, one.
- Bomb fuse?
- That's what's left
of one of the trigger mechanisms
from the device found
in your dad's SUV.
Someone wants to
kill your father.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
"Car," C-A-R.
I said steal a car
- and pick me up behindthe royal palace.
- No, you said "vehicle."
"Steal a vehicle and pick me
up behind the royal palace."
- Direct quote, so that's what I did.
- Nobody uses the word "vehicle"
colloquially,
it sounds ridiculous.
So does using the word
"colloquially."
Even if I did say "car,"
which I 100% did not,
how was this the best option?
It's bulletproof,
bombproof and fireproof.
Dude, this thing is rad.
Besides, nothing else was gonna
get us out of that mess
back there.
Okay, fair enough.
But stealing it is what
got us into this current mess.
How does someone
as thorough as you not realize
the Garde républicainetracks
the French president's limo
at all times?
Oh, great.
Hey, Matty, I, uh,
assume you heard we're in
- a bit of a pickle?
- Yes, Mac,
you're on every
channel in the EU.
Also, Desi's right.
You did say "vehicle,"
- not "car".
- Okay,
now that everyone's up to speed,
how about you clear up
- this little misunderstanding?
- I'm sorry,
but unfortunately, I don't have
the supreme magistrate's
personal celly on speed dial.
And even if I did,
nothing would change the fact
that you two took
his private limo
for a joie-ride.
Sorry, guys, but if the men
in the ear pieces and the suits
catch you,
there's nothing I can do.
Oh, we just lost a tire!
According to this,
the limo's
titanium-reinforced
run-flat tires should hold up
for about ten minutes.
Well, that's not a lot of time.
Tell us about the car's
other features.
It's built on
a tank chassis,
it's hermetically sealed
in case of a chemical attack,
it's got night vision
headlights...
Like I said: R-A-D rad.
Backup oxygen
tanks, tear gas grenades,
bags of the president's blood
in case he needs a transfusion
- in transit...
- Wait, wait, I got an idea.
Riley, I need you to direct us
to the nearest underpass
or tunnel.
I'm on it.
Sorry!
I'll admit it, Desi was right.
This limo is rad.
Resuscitator masks,
blood transfusion bags,
medical tape, oxygen tanks?
It's got everything
a couple of spies
could need
to make their escape.
Whatever you're doing back
there, Einstein, do it faster.
Faster? You try making
a gas mask at 90 miles an hour.
Desi, there's a tunnel coming up
- on your left.
- Turn... now.
Sorry.
You okay?
Just keep your eyes
on the road.
This stuff doesn't just exist
in James Bond movies.
These are the real deal,
and they'll help, too.
Because now we'll be breathing
the good old O2,
while the French Republican
Guard chokes on fumes.
Au revoir.
*MacGyver*
Season 03  Episode 20
Episode Title:
"No-Go + High-Voltage + Rescue"
Captioned by Media Access
Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org
Sync corrections  by  srjanapala
Large house, black, extra hot.
Are we talking scalding,
searing or merely piping?
Oh, this is one's a lawsuit
in the making.
Just the way you like it.
For your new guitar fund.
Thanks, Jim.
Till tomorrow?
...in daily
contact with us, our children
have disappeared
without a trace.
They haven't responded to calls
or e-mails, or posted online.
This is highly unusual.
We know something is wrong.
We're begging the international
community for help.
Anyone with knowledge of their
whereabouts, please contact us.
We just want our babies home.
Man...
Another dead end, bringing us
to a grand total of zero leads.
Whoever planted this bomb
in my dad's SUV
went to great lengths
to remain anonymous. Look, man,
you've been staring
at that wreckage for days now.
How about you take a break
to behold Sparky's new skills?
You really reprogrammed him
to assess human emotions?
I sure did.
My hard drive homeboy
can now analyze
eye movement,
body language,
epidermal fluctuations
and a dozen other factors
to determine intent
and feelings.
And he's accurate as hell.
Look.
This footage
was taken in Siena, Italy.
Without knowing any other
details, Sparky will
tell us exactly
what those two guys are.
Would you kindly
shut up already?
I'm trying
to work here.
A side effect
of his new programming:
he's becoming kind of a jerk.
Analysis complete.
Subject One is leaning forward
at a 27 degree angle,
indicating eagerness to share.
Eye movement is 32.6% higher
than human average,
indicating nervousness.
Based on these metrics
and 11 others,
I have concluded that Subject
One is a highly suggestible
intelligence asset
eager to provide information
to Subject Two.
Boo-yah!
That guy's a foreign operative,
and we just watched him
successfully recruit
a Ukrainian asset.
Bozer, this is insane.
I mean, this tech will give us
so many valuable applications
in the field.
- Great job, man.
- What am I,
chopped liver?
My bad. You, too, Sparky.
Whatever.
Hey, uh, you think Oversight
will be so impressed
that he'll give me
a raise for this?
Yeah, good luck with that.
Speak of the devil.
Oversight wants us
in the war room in five minutes.
See you there.
We'll get that raise
one day, Sparky.
Analysis complete.
Who are you analyzing?
Agents MacGyver and Nguyen,
of course.
During observed interaction,
they each experienced
rapid spikes in both heart rate
and epidermal redness,
increases in pupillary dilation
by two and three millimeters,
and held 37.3% more eye contact
than baseline Phoenix employees.
Based on these factors,
subjects appear
to have a mutual attraction,
or what humans commonly refer to
as a crush.
Say what?
Other synonyms
include: having hots for,
thirsting, catching feelings...
Oh, man.
We are begging the international
community for help.
Anyone with knowledge of their
whereabouts, please contact us.
We just want our babies home.
It's a nightmare.
Your kids take a gap
year after graduating
college to travel the world and
one day, they just disappear.
Do we know where
they went missing?
No.
Ben Hagan and Isabel Marx
last called their parents from
Bogotá, Colombia six days ago.
The next day, they missed
their flight off the continent.
No one's heard from them since.
What did
the State Department say?
That they won't launch
- an official search.
- Won't?
Why? Because right before
Ben and Isabel
disappeared,
they told their friends
they were participating
in something called
a No-Go Challenge.
It's a scavenger hunt,
known mainly
in the backpacking community,
where you go to
dangerous places
so you can do even more
dangerous things
when you get there.
- Whoa.
- I've heard about this.
There are No-Go Challenges
on almost every continent.
I mean, Ben and Isabel
must have been doing
- the South American leg.
- Correct.
The State Department advises
Americans not to travel
to most places
on the No-Go list.
Since these kids ignored those
warnings, they won't intervene.
Sending rescuers after Ben
and Isabel sets a precedent,
and encourages others
to take the same risks.
Which is why
the parents appealed
to the public.
- They're out of options.
- That's where
we come in.
I called the State Department,
convinced them to let us
handle it unofficially.
Now, this isn't
the type of job
that Phoenix
normally does, but...
You're sending us to find them.
And bring them home safely.
How do we know that they're actually
in trouble?
The truth is,
we don't really know
what happened
to Ben or Isabel.
They could've gotten injured,
or run into some
unsavory characters,
or it could be
something else entirely.
The No-Go Challenge
is our only lead.
And since you all
can pass as backpackers,
we're sending you to follow
in their footsteps.
We're gonna do
the Challenge ourselves.
Not to pile on the pressure,
but the clock is ticking.
The longer Ben and
Isabel are missing,
the less likely it is
we'll ever find them.
Remember, this is
an unsanctioned op, so...
No backup, no local support,
and if things go bad,
- we're on our own.
- That's right.
- Any questions?
- Yeah.
How soon can we leave?
♪ Hey, ah ♪
♪ Con puño arriba tumba
ya toda la muralla... ♪
According to the bits
of info Riley found online,
we are not far from the address
where backpackers
start the No-Go Challenge
in South America.
That's our best bet for picking
up on Ben and Isabel's trail.
Out of all of the beautiful
places in the world,
they decided to go
to the slums of Bogotá?
Yeah, definitely not at the top
of my travel bucket list.
Still, I'm glad
they're sending us.
I mean, kids do stupid things.
They don't deserve
to lose their life for it.
I've certainly done
my fair share.
Like steal the French
president's limousine, or...?
At least that served a purpose.
I'm talking about
monumental stupidity
that accomplished
absolutely nothing.
Idiocy of a higher order.
Pretty sure I have you beat
in that category.
I will take that bet,
gadget boy.
Game on.
I was 22 in Tangiers.
On a camel.
Hey, uh...
Riley, I got
to tell you something.
You know how I was programming
Sparky to read human behavior?
- Yeah?
- Well, he analyzed
the conversation
between Mac and Desi
and he concluded that, uh,
Mac and Desi have
a thing for each other.
- A thing?
- Yeah.
You know,
a crush?
The hots? Mac and Desi
are sweating each other?
Yeah, Bozer, I know
what thing you're referring to.
I just...
I'm surprised.
But, if it's true, that's great.
Uh, no.
It absolutely is not great.
Why not?
Mac's awesome,
Desi's awesome.
I don't see the problem.
When Mac's heart
gets involved,
his head gets weird.
You know what happened
with him and Nikki.
Yeah, he wound up
taking a bullet.
Exactly.
And then there was
Deena Feinberg.
Who?
Deena "Fatal Attraction"
Feinberg.
Mac's lab partner
in the 7th grade.
He fell head over heels.
Well, by the time
I realized
why he was offering to carry
her Trapper Keeper
to and from class
every day, it was too late.
And that semester...
Angus MacGyver...
- got a B in chemistry.
- What?!
That's impossible.
Oh, it's possible.
I was there.
Okay, so, a-are you saying
Mac shouldn't date?
No, I'm saying Mac shouldn't
date anyone he works with.
Okay?
In 7th grade,
the worst thing
that could happen
was a slightly
less than perfect grade.
But on a mission... I'd rather
Mac keep his head in the game,
you know?
I hear you, Boze.
I just don't see it.
I hope you're right.
For all of our sakes.
You're sure we're
at the right place?
When you said we were
starting the scavenger hunt
at a skyscraper,
I figured you meant a finished one.
The building's construction
was frozen during the
country's banking crisis;
it's now the world's tallest slum.
Home to 5,000 squatters
who moved in and won't leave.
According to
the No-Go lore,
anyone who wants to participate
in the Challenge
must first retrieve a map
located on the 45th floor
- in a utility closet.
- Did you say 45th?
Let's go.
They finished building
the elevators, though, right?
Riley!
The maps are up ahead
on the left.
These people just decided to
move in and make it their home?
Yeah, I mean, doing
the best with what they've got.
It's pretty awesome,
no matter how
technically
illegal, maybe.
I agree, but everyone
stay sharp.
There's a reason why the
State Department gave this place
a Level 3 Travel Warning.
This is it.
This is where we're
supposed to find the map.
That's no bueno.
Don't tell me we went up
all those stairs for nothing.
My glutes are burning.
I think I pulled a
hammy.
Oh. You looking for these?
Oh, I'll give you
one of these maps...
for everything
you got on you.
Counter offer: one of those maps
and his adorable knife
for me not kicking
all your asses.
She's kidding.
We're just, uh, looking
for some of our friends.
Maybe you've seen them?
Look, just answer a few of
our questions, give us some
of those maps and we'll gladly
give you all the cash we have.
Oh, yeah? Well, this
isn't a negotiation.
We take what we want. Now!
Mac, the maps!
One of mankind's most
effective inventions is also
its simplest: flypaper.
Great for catching insects and
runaway scavenger hunt maps.
Glad you reconsidered.
"Begin your hunt at one
of the four starting points.
"The Challenge you start with
will determine your path.
"At each, sign your name
and get a clue to the next. One:
"bike to Marker 13 of Death Road
in La Paz, Bolivia.
Two..."Wait, Death Road? Hold on.
Let me see this.
"Two:
"cross the Bridge to the Clouds
in Salta, Argentina.
"Three: climb the high-voltage
electrical tower 312
"in Rio de Janeiro,
Brazil.
"Four: swim through
Alligator Alley
in Caracas, Venezuela."
I cast my vote for option five:
none of the above.
This is nuts.
Yeah, you're right, Boze,
but we have a bigger problem.
We have no idea which starting
point Ben and Isabel chose.
I don't understand.
I thought the State Department
said that they weren't
going to help us.
The organization that we work
for operates independently from
the State Department.
We have a team
on the ground in South America
searching for Ben and Isabel
as we speak.
I don't know
what to say.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
We don't have the resources
to follow every path
on the Challenge,
so we need
to prioritize.
Is there anything Ben said
to you regarding any of these
starting points?
In these cases,
sometimes the smallest,
most seemingly
insignificant detail
could make all the difference.
I don't know how this happened.
Last year was fine.
Ben landed a great job,
and then at the last minute,
he turned it down.
Said he was too young
to be stuck behind a desk
and instead was
going to travel
the world with Isabel.
I was against it.
I didn't have the opportunity
to take that kind of adventure
when I was Ben's age.
And he's right,
you know, once you start
with the family, the job,
the whole thing,
it's hard to take the time.
And he's smart.
I assumed he'd be okay.
If I had known he'd be this
reckless, I never would've...
All you can do
is raise them right, trust them,
hold your breath until
you see them again.
It's the curse
of being a parent.
- You have kids?
- A son.
As a matter of fact,
he's on the team searching
for Ben and Isabel.
Which is why
I can promise you
that no stone will be
left unturned, because I know
and believe in my son
as absolutely as you do yours.
We used to call Ben
our Little Monkey Man...
...because he insisted
on climbing on everything.
Since he was three,
we'd find him
on top of cabinets and
bookshelves, remember?
I had to bolt down every piece
of furniture we owned.
My Ben would've started
right here.
And there it is.
I already feel too close
to this thing.
Local news says last month
an Australian girl
was found dead here,
electrocuted.
Cops couldn't figure out
what she was doing.
Well, I bet you if they looked
closer, they would've found
a weird photoshopped map
in her belongings.
Okay, she was definitely doing
the No-Go Challenge.
Question is,
are Ben's parents right that
he and Isabel started here?
I don't see any
security cameras.
The No-Go rules
say to sign your name
at each stop.
If they were here,
their names are up there.
Let's go up.
What's the problem?
I'm afraid of heights.
Come on.
Well, good news is,
if we fall,
it'll be the electricity
- that kills us.
- Ah.
Desi's not wrong.
Those live wires up there
are carrying 5,000 volts
from the generating plant
to people's homes.
If we slip and touch the wrong
thing at the wrong time,
part of Rio will go dark,
and we'll be cooked alive,
so I'm gonna take
a few safety precautions.
Nice work on these
safety harnesses.
How about we
not talk and just climb?
I was just teasing, you know.
You didn't have to come with me.
Yeah, well,
I'm the only one who knows
what we can and can't
touch up here. Besides,
New Year's resolution:
exposure therapy.
Is it working?
I don't know,
I haven't looked down yet.
Can't watch. They're okay.
They're okay.
- What about now?
- Still okay.
- They're okay, Bozer, they're okay.
Just breathe.
You got this.
Hey, there's something
on the discs.
Could be the signatures,
but I can't really
tell from here.
They're insulator strings.
They keep the high-voltage wires
from touching the tower itself.
- Otherwise...
- Zip!
Exactly. It'll...
electrify the entire
structure we're standing on.
How about we avoid
doing that, then?
Good idea.
- The rope.
- Oh, yeah.
On belay?
Belay on.
♪ Bay gio, la gio ♪
♪ Con nam xuon ♪
♪ Con khoi lo ♪
♪ Bay gio, la gio ♪
♪ Con chau dem ♪
♪ Con ngu ngon. ♪
What are you doing?
My mom used to sing that to me
when I was scared.
I thought that might help.
Surprisingly enough,
it actually does.
I guess so, you made it.
I've got coordinates for
the next No-Go location here,
as well as signatures
written in marker.
- Do you see Ben and Isabel's?
- Not yet.
I can't really see on the other
side of these insulators,
so let me see if I can
get a better look.
Mac! Got you.
I'm okay.
I might ralph, but I'm okay.
You were right.
The ground is not
as scary as the wires.
And I got Ben and Isabel's
signatures,
and some coordinates down here.
But I'm gonna need your phone.
And then, after that,
I want to go
anywhere but here, so...
Now we know where they started,
but what happened to them next?
There's no news reports on
either of them getting
hurt here.
Best guess, they followed
those coordinates
- to the next location.
- Then that's what you'll do, too.
Retracing their steps
- is still our only shot.
- Maybe not.
What if we use the other
signatures up there
to ID more kids
doing the No-Go Challenge?
One of them must have crossed
paths with Ben and Isabel.
- Riley?
- Yep, I'm on it, Matty.
Ten names match people who
flew into South America in
the last two weeks. I'm pulling
up personal info now, Matty.
Sending you contact info.
Start making calls,
and distribute Ben
and Isabel's photo.
Connect me immediately to anyone
who may have seen them.
Excellent work, Bozer.
Thanks, Matty.
Wait, six of those kids
were also booked
on flights that they missed.
Riley, send me the most recent
social media, credit card,
and cellular activity
for those six backpackers.
That's weird.
There's no activity
on any of them
in the last 72 hours.
Six 20-somethings all randomly
stopped using their cell phones
and Facebook accounts
at the same time?
No chance.
Ben and Isabel
didn't just happen
to go missing
on the No-Go Challenge.
Someone's piggybacking
on the Challenge itself
and abducted them,
all of them.
For what?
The next stop
on the No-Go Challenge:
the famous Rio soccer stadium,
Estadio Escanso.
Which is currently
closed for renovations.
At least it was.
All the greats played here.
Neymar, Ronaldo, Messi.
McCartney, Madonna, Bieber.
It's a great
place for an abduction.
Outskirts of the city,
lots of places to hide.
Whoever's behind this
came up with the perfect cover.
Grab kids on the No-Go Challenge
so their families think
they got killed doing
something dangerous,
instead of suspecting
foul play.
And then the world
writes them off the same way
the State Department did
publicly.
If this is where they abducted
Ben, Isabel and the others,
someone could be watching us
right now.
Let's all assume
that's the case.
Okay,
according to the last clue,
we're looking for a message
on one of the seats
at the bottom level.
So Desi and I
will search that side,
you guys search this side.
Keep your comms on
and your guards up.
Comms on.
See? He just picked her
to go with him.
That was a tactical decision.
Their skill sets complement
each other, don't you think?
And 'cause they like each other.
What's up with you
that you can't see this?
I'm telling you,
disaster's imminent.
Even their couple
name says so.
Mac plus Desi equals "Messy."
Actually, Mac plus Desi
equals... "Mesi."
Don't nitpick, okay?
You get my point.
Okay, you want to talk
stupid decisions?
I hiked into the crater
of an active volcano
on a dare once.
Burned my feet pretty bad,
lost a good pair of boots,
and I got thrown in the brig
back at base,
but I won my bet.
I once took a full bite out of
a Carolina Reaper pepper...
Hottest pepper
in the world, by the way...
And swallowed it.
I couldn't see for two days.
That is dumb.
Thank you.
You did a nice job comforting
Ben's parents earlier.
Not easy at a time like this.
Well, it's not in
my job description,
but if we can ease
the family's pain,
all the better.
It's unusual that you would
choose to divulge
that one of the agents
on the mission is your son.
I wanted to let them know
what we're in this together.
That I understand
how they feel,
'cause I feel the same way
every time Angus is
out in the field.
You didn't used to.
You've sent Mac on scores
of missions,
but it's not till recently
you started monitoring
his ops from this room.
My diagnosis has reminded me
that life is fragile.
My priority used to be
mission success,
but now, all I want is
to make sure that
Angus gets home safe.
If we could just
keep that between us,
Director Webber.
I want the team to think
I'm a good boss,
not some big softy.
Believe me, Jim,
no one thinks that.
The fact that you
secretly are
is what makes you a good boss.
No message yet,
just...
gum, soda cans and...
What is this?
A vuvuzela.
Air horn.
They should be outlawed.
Nothing more distracting to the
players of this beautiful game.
Don't you have one
of these in your room?
Two, actually.
But it's okay to use 'em
when the other team
has the ball.
Mm-hmm.
It was negative 25 degrees,
shark-infested waters,
and I had no wetsuit.
How is that for
a stupid decision?
That's insane.
Ho! I got something.
Riley, Bozer,
I have the coordinates
for the next No-Go location.
Any sign Ben
and Isabel were there?
Yeah, they signed their names,
along with a dozen other kids.
Some of these names
match the ones I saw
- at the high-voltage field.
- But is this where they were abducted?
I think we can answer
that question.
There's a black van
approaching
the north entrance
of the stadium.
He's coming in hot.
On our way.
Everyone hold their positions.
Apprehending these guys
could be our only chance
at finding Ben and Isabel.
Show our hand too quickly,
we could spook 'em.
So, until they get close,
Desi and I are just
thrill-seeking backpackers
on the No-Go Challenge. Copy?
Copy.
Can I help you guys?
Angus, behind you!
Bozer, Riley,
Mac and Desi are in trouble.
Forget Ronaldo.
The next jersey I get
is gonna say "Davis."
They're not talking. That's okay.
Cell phones will tell us
everything we need to know.
Riley? Yeah, all of them
recently called someone
less than a mile from here.
I'm gonna activate
that phone's camera
to see who's using it.
Same departure point as usual.
- See you there.
- Gotcha. Matty, I'm sending you a photo.
Running facial rec now.
We have a match.
Derek Diresta, human trafficker,
active in South America.
INTERPOL's been
chasing this guy
for years.
He abducts and sells
people for forced labor,
farming, mining,
domestic servitude.
Their intel says he got
a request for English speakers
right before Ben and Isabel
disappeared.
Well,
based on proximity and timing,
that's not a coincidence.
Got his location. He's in
a farmhouse outside the city.
Ben, Isabel
and the other abducted kids
must be
in there, too.
I'll tip local PD, have them
pick up those abductors.
You get to the farmhouse.
Guys, wait. He's still
talking to someone.
Get the boats docked.
We move them in 30.
He's talking about the backpackers.
He's gonna move them.
If we don't
make it there now,
we'll never see
those kids again.
Diresta's in that farmhouse.
Given the tight security,
I would say our hunch is correct.
Ben, Isabel and the other kids
must be in there, too.
Not for long, Matty.
They're blacking out
the van windows
so you can't see inside.
Once that van leaves
the property, we risk losing
those kids for good.
You've got to get inside
and rescue them...
- before that happens.
- How?
We're outnumbered, no backup,
and breaking in risks
alerting the guards,
who might hurt the kids.
If we can't break in, we're
gonna have to convince them
to let us in.
You really think this will work?
Yeah, sure.
At least,
until these guys
start wondering why we wore
these itchy masks
the entire drive
from the stadium.
You guys all right back there?
Just peachy.
Never better.
How do we get
them to open the gate?
They won't recognize our voices.
All right.
Let's get these guys
in the back.
Okay, we're in.
What do you see?
A No-Go.
South America map
with all four routes
fully charted out.
Along with detailed research
on each No-Go location.
This is how they knew
the best places to abduct kids.
Guys, I have work orders over
here, for where to send them.
And No-Go maps
for other continents. Asia,
Europe, North America.
Looks like Diresta plans
to expand his business
and piggyback
on other Challenges.
Guys.
Matty, Diresta's
got the kids in a dark room
with cinder block walls.
I'm guessing it's the basement.
Go get them.
But Mac, be careful.
If he hears you coming,
he could hurt those kids,
or worse.
Yeah.
I got an idea.
Help me search these backpacks
for sleeping bag
stuff sacks.
Polyurethane inside
with a siliconized outside.
Just check the tags.
If it says "waterproof,"
it'll also be airtight.
Mac, got one.
Oh, yeah, this'll work
as a face mask.
Now I just need something toxic
but not lethal to fill it with.
How about this?
There's kids handcuffed
in rooms down the hall.
We'll go free them.
We'll take care of Diresta.
Okay.
Your time here is almost over.
Soon, you will be placed
in your new... situations.
Please don't make
the process difficult
for our clients.
We guarantee our products,
and we discard...
...returned items.
Hey, Bozer and I
locked up the guards.
All right,
good news, Matty.
We've captured Diresta
and we're freeing the kids now.
They look shook,
but they'll be okay.
We're here to help. All right?
You guys are gonna be okay.
Hold up, Mac. We have a problem.
Ben and Isabel aren't here.
Where are they?
The Americans?
Their faces were
all over the TV.
They got too famous.
What does that mean?
It means they're gonna
kill Ben and Isabel.
Mac, I think we got them.
Matching green van heading north
on BR-40, just past.
Exit 12. This must be Diresta's
men with Ben and Isabel.
BR-40?
They're headed for the
high-voltage transmission field.
They're gonna make it look like
Ben and Isabel died on
the No-Go Challenge.
Okay, you two stay here,
coordinate with the local PD
to get these kids
to a hospital ASAP.
You and I, we're going
after Ben and Isabel.
They got a
pretty good head start.
How you gonna make up the time?
How about these?
Shortest distance
between A and B is off-road.
Isabel?
I'm sorry.
I wish I would've
never talked you into this.
It's okay, Ben.
Just hold my hand.
You were right, Mac.
Diresta's men are approaching
the electrical tower
with Ben and Isabel.
Almost there.
Almost there isn't good enough.
Mac, there's no entrance
on this side.
We're gonna have to go
all the way around.
No time for that.
Guys,
we're gonna lose this.
- Where are you?
- Close!
It's okay.
It's okay. You're safe now.
You're safe.
♪ Down to the wire ♪
♪ There in the fire, yeah ♪
♪ Ooh... ♪
♪ When all is lost ♪
♪ I will stay with you ♪
♪ I will stand ♪
♪ With you ♪
♪ Like I always do ♪
♪ Every battle
that we've been through ♪
♪ I will stand with you ♪
You a'ight, Dad?
I am now.
We should get out of here
before they start
asking questions.
Good idea.
Oh, been thinking, Jim,
isn't it time you gave
your employees a vacation?
You know,
something beachy.
May I suggest Tahiti?
Keep dreaming, Bozer.
Uh, okay. What about Fiji?
Uh, Bali? Bora Bora?
Compton?
Tears of joy today
when nearly a dozen
missing young travelers
were reunited
with their families
after being rescued
from an overseas abduction ring.
Now, who exactly found them
and brought them home
remains unknown at this time.
And it gets better.
Faced with a life sentence,
Derek Diresta flipped
on his overseas counterparts.
Phoenix is coordinating
with INTERPOL to rip
the entire operation
out by the roots.
Countries worldwide
are working to stop
the No-Go Challenge.
'Cause let's face it,
young people don't need
any more encouragement
to do stupid things.
Amen to that.
Hey, guys.
- Hey.
- Desi.
Glad you could stop by.
Still think
it's all in my head?
I did at first.
But you don't wear a dress
like that on accident.
Sparky was right.
- It's on.
- Like I said.
Mac and Desi?
Messy.
This is getting to be
a theme with you.
You can't have one beer?
I hear you, but
I just stopped by
to say great job, everyone.
I can't stay.
I'm running late.
- Ah. Got plans?
- Yeah. A date.
Ah. Well, have fun.
Thanks.
- See you all tomorrow?
- Mm-hmm.
- Bye.
- See you.
So I guess we're safe, right?
I'm not so sure.
Oh, no.
Captioned by Media Access
Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org
Sync corrections  by  srjanapala
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org